Wednesday, 23 Mar, 2016
=======================

10:00 Design Contemplation
--------------------------

Lets talk about POODR chapters 1 - 3.

[Here's](https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/8f6157fb2f3623862fc8)
what we came up with!


11:00 A look at Montessori
--------------------------

Lets watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcgN0lEh5IA) video.

Would you like to try this with me for this week and next?

* I can provide a list of topics and project ideas ranging from short and simple to long and sophisticated.
* You can choose whichever is interesting.  No due dates or grades, our goal is to have fun, be curious,
  learn, do something meaningful.
* I'll keep making challenges if you've found them useful or fun, eg I can make some for ActiveRecord,
  making Rails Routes, some more on the earlier things.
* I can make more waypoints if you've found them to be interesting.
  How about a waypoint for completely building what `$ rails generate scaffold` provides?
* We can aggregate a list of good resources for topics that we'll need to learn about as we go.
* Tell me what you would most benefit from and I'll do my best to get that for you.
* Read a book if that's what you're into!
* If you like this idea, [here](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum/blob/master/phase2/dreaming_of_the_future.md)
  are some ideas for things you could work on.
  And, of course, you can do none of these, or make up your own idea!
* Work on teams as you like, or on your own as you like.
* Show off the things you've learned!

Who wants to live in a world where learning is a painful obligation?
We're literally growing, improving, becoming better, and smarter,
discovering should be a delight!
It will always be difficult, but when we finally get it, we'll know **we**
got it, and we'll know we expanded our horizon of competence as a result.


12:00 Lunch
-----------

This will be based on our thoughts from before lunch.


Homework
--------

* Yoga clothes tomorrow
