Friday, 19 Feb, 2016
====================

[Reference](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum#week-3)

HTTP Parser
-----------

Topics: testing, project HTTP Parser (uses streams, strings, testing, and we can define the interface as
ParseHttp.call which will use singleton classes, and starts prepping them for the web)

[Material](https://github.com/JoshCheek/programming_is_fun/blob/master/spec/request_spec.rb)


Assessments
-----------

While working on your HTTP parser,
I'll pull you aside for assessments (15-30 min),
in the following order:

* Matthew
* Derreck
* Javi
* Sean
* Vince
* Megan
* Greg
* Dongmin
* James


12:00 Lunch
-----------


1:00 1on1s
----------



4:00 - 5:00
-----------

Jake Worth from Hash Rocket


Homework
--------

1. Watch [Programming like God](https://vimeo.com/131588133).
1. Write a reflection describing the process
   the decisions that are being made, why they are being made, etc.
   Spend at least an hour on this, you want to think deeply about it.
1. Try doing [Chisel](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/chisel.html),
   making decisions the same way you saw me do it. Your goal isn't
   to solve Chisel, it's not to have the same solution I have.
   The goal is to put yourself in the same situations you saw me in,
   and think in the same ways while in those situations.
   How come? Remember tip #10 in the Little Book of Talent:

   > Precision especially matters early on, because the first
   > reps establish the pathways for the future. Neurologists
   > call this the "sled on a snowy hill" phenomenon. The
   > first repetitions are like the first sled tracks on fresh
   > snow: On subsequent tries, your sled will tend to follow
   > those grooves. "Our brains are good at building
   > connections," says Dr. George Bartzokis, a neurologist at
   > UCLA. "They’re not so good at unbuilding them."

   We're trying to make your first reps with project development
   to be ones that set you in the right direction. The time,
   frustration, and panic this will save going forward could
   legitimately make the difference!

   Success here is in how you teach yourself to approach a project!
1. Now that you've tried it yourself, watch the video again.
   yes, seriously, it's about the way of thinking.

* Sorting Suite!
