Wednesday, 17 Feb, 2016
=======================

[Reference](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum#week-3)

8:00 Some useful keybindings
----------------------------

If you don't have a cheatsheet for shell keybindings, start one now!

* Vim:   `C-z` (control z) to put vim into the background
* Shell: `C-p` go to the previous line
* Shell: `$ fg` bring vim back to the foreground

So, to rerun a test from vim:

* `C-z` to put it into the background and go to the shell
* `C-p` to go up to the line that got you into vim
* `C-p` to go up to the line that ran your tests (assuming you ran it just before going into vim)
* Return to rerun the test command.

[Video](https://vimeo.com/155683611)


8:10 Waypoints
--------------

Perform the testing waypoint, try to use the keybindings we just learned
Be able to do the [How Testing Works](https://github.com/turingschool/waypoints/blob/master/waypoints/how_testing_works.md)
waypoint.


8:20 Prep for the workshop
--------------------------

Clone [this](https://github.com/jwworth/code-platoon-workshop)
repository! Omg, run a test and see it fail!


8:45 Some quick testing patterns
--------------------------------

[Video](https://vimeo.com/155683612)



9:00 TDD with Hash Rocket
-------------------------

Jake Worth and Jack Christensen,
from [Hash Rocket](https://hashrocket.com/)
will teach us about TDD!
What is it? Where did it come from? Lets give it a try!


12:00 Lunch
-----------

Go eat!


1:00 More TDD with Hash Rocket!
-------------------------------

Brian Dunn and Dorian Karter, will take us through pair programming code retreat style.


Homework
--------

* Yoga clothes tomorrow... wear em!
* Make sure reflections are posted to Github
* Complete exercises 4 and 6 from
  [today's workshop!](https://github.com/jwworth/code-platoon-workshop/tree/master/exercises)
  You can pair if you have a pair available.
  As you go through this, make it a point to do these activities:

  1. Choose test names that are meaningful! For example, in the Phone Numbers test, you might go with:

     ```ruby
     def test_phone_numbers_with_less_than_10_digits_are_bad
       skip
     end
     def test_phone_numbers_with_exactly_10_digits_are_good
       skip
     end
     def test_phone_numbers_with_11_digits_are_only_good_when_the_first_digit_is_1
       skip
     end
     def test_phone_numbers_with_more_than_11_digits_are_bad
       skip
     end
     def test_it_cleans_non_digits_from_the_phone_number
       skip
     end
     def test_it_removes_leading_ones_when_there_are_11_digits
       skip
     end
     ```

     Notice that the names of the tests are written for humans!
     They tell you how to think about the object, not how to write the test.
  2. Predict what is going to happen when you run your tests.
     Eg "Undefined method named rows" or "all pass"
  3. Make sure you see the failure and it's the failure you predicted, before trying to write more code.
  4. When you get confused or stuck, re-read the test name to get context about what you're trying to do.
     Often you're calling the wrong method or asserting the wrong thing, the question is always
     "What will it take to make this test pass?"
