Monday, 15 Feb, 2016
====================

[Reference](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum#week-3)

8:00 Arrange the desks
----------------------

Pick an arrangement that suits you.


8:10 Push your repos to git
---------------------------

Review the [git material](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum/blob/master/phase1/git-workflow.md),
then push your reflections, cheatsheets, and jargon to git.
Submit your usernames to me so I can go view them.

9:00 break
----------

10 min


9:10 Waypoint metrics
---------------------

Have you improved?


10:00 Reflection
----------------

Read The Little Book of Talent tip #9 and reflect.
I'm not here to release a bunch of mediocre devs into the world.


10:30 Practice waypoints
------------------------

When you get one wrong... stop... analyze what went wrong, try again slowly until you get it,
then try quicker, but with a focus on precision.

Josh: read their reflections whlie they work practice.


11:30 Waypoint metrics
----------------------

Have you improved?


12:00 Lunch
-----------

Go now and eat!

1:00 Practice Perfect
---------------------

Matthew's turn


1:10 vim
--------

Verify that you can copy the current line with `"*yy`
If not, and you're on a mac, then try this to fix it:

```
$ brew install macvim
```

Install Vundle, my theme, and the ruby package.


2:00 Homework Review
--------------------

The [mythical creatures](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises) exercises.
Easy? Hard? Where did you get stuck?
Lets figure that stuff out.


3:00 break
----------

Use it wisely.


3:15 Follow the flow of ideas
-----------------------------

Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkEZEpFU4m4&index=4&list=PLEo7ej2RhHszJy_77UXC8GJpb8LtW-dJT)
video and explain how "Following the flow of ideas" is dramatically better than memorizing every situation.


3:25 Object Model Challenges
----------------------------

Continue from where we left off [here](https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/ad9f70a6d855be9ed50d).


4:00 Group review
-----------------

Come back and ask questions about the object model challenges, we'll answer them together.


4:30 Synseer and homework
-------------------------

* verify they did synseer challenges
* release new synseer challenges
* Describe homework

Homework
--------

* Get 10 synseer challenges to 0 seconds
* Complete all new synseer challenges
* Improve the world for one person around you
* Write some piece of code in these 3 different ways:
  * Only ivars
  * Only a single ivar pointing at an array
  * Only a single ivar pointing at a hash
* Be able to do the file system waypoint
