Friday, 12 Feb, 2016
====================

[Reference](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum#week-2)

8:00 - 9:00 Review homework
---------------------------

What have you learned so far?


9:00 - 11:30 How to give / receive feedback
-------------------------------------------

Beccie and Kelly from [Thoughtworks](https://www.thoughtworks.com/)
are here to provide the insights they learned about how to give
and receive feedback.


Lunch
-----

Eat food.


1:00 Practice Perfect
---------------------

Javi's turn


Waypoints
---------

Improve your times from before.


Rod 1on1
--------

Go for a walk with Rod (if ya like)!


Idk, pick from these
-------------------------

* Choose OO problems
  * explain (ctrl-F and mrspec), skip tests that aren't filled in
  * Mythical creatures [challenges](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises)
* Object Model challenges
  * https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/ad9f70a6d855be9ed50d
* Go over tonight's homework
  * Choose someone's aggregated list and do quizzes on each topic
* Synseer
* Write a sorting algorithm (we'll figure out how to visualize it!)
  * later we can talk about how AI works
* Binary search trees!
* Draw in JS
  * Later: L-systems
* Parse some data from an API (uhm, one of my moleskines has a lot of reasonable ideas)
* Play with music? (Sonic Pi)
* Build a programming language?
  * Or... a Ruby interpreter?
* Make a game? (Gosu)
* Blocks... wtf are those and how do they work?
* Stacks and queues


Homework
--------

For Josh
--------

* Waypoints on...
  * File system?
  * idk?
  * what should it be?


For students
------------

* Reflection: Little Book of Talent Tip #10,
  Honor the hard skills.
* Reflection: Little Book of Talent Tip #15,
  Honor the hard skills.
* Complete all the synseer challenges.
  When you don't know the error, press "s"
  to see what it tells you the error should be
  (I know this isn't as helpful as it ought to be)
  Then, once you get through it, press "r" to redo
  and try to get through all from memory.
  Once you know what it should be, as you go through
  and make errors, keep a separate sheet and write
  down what the error is. From the Little Book of Talent
  tip #8, "To develop reliable hard skills,
  you need to connect the right wires in your brain.
  In this, it helps to be careful, slow, and keenly
  attuned to errors. To work like a careful carpenter."
  The purpose of writing down the errors is to
  help you be keenly attuned to them (this is how I
  got several of my 0 second results).
* Synseer complete them all, get 3 results that have 0s
