Wednesday, 10 Feb, 2016
=======================

[Reference](https://gigthub.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum#week-2)

8:00 Vim
--------

Show `gg` and `G`, add to your git cheatsheet, practice all known commands.


8:15 Pry
--------

Create pwd together by exploring in pry:
https://github.com/turingschool/waypoints/blob/master/waypoints/pwd_and_pry.md
This is to get across the idea of what you can.

* install pry and pry-doc
* How to specify a method
  * `obj.method`
  * `class.instance_method`
* Create a pry cheatsheet:
* Edit ~/.pryrc to set editor to vim
* `require 'pry'; binding.pry` (`<Leader>-p`)
* `help` - See what commands you can run
* `whereami` - Show code surrounding the current context.
* `!` - Clear the input buffer, use when you typed something incorrectly and want to get out of it
* `ls -v obj` - Show all the methods and variables on other objects
* `show-source` - Show the source for a method or class. SUPER USEFUL!!
* `cd obj` - Change context into obj (sets self to that object)
* `cd ..` - Change context back out of that object.
* `ls -v` - Show all the methods and variables on self
* `edit` - Allows you to edit code without rerunning the program. I use it to put another pry into a method that I'm about to call.
* `exit` - Quit out of current pry session. C-D also works.
* `exit!` - Quit the program

* Practice these quickly on the horse example, just to get them down.
* I'll make a waypoint for it while y'all do this.

8:45 Git
--------

* The basic workflow.
* Watch me put the metrics from yesterday on github
* Each person put your error generation results on github.


10:15 Work on your typing for 15 minutes
----------------------------------------

* [Prework](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum/blob/master/prework-practice-typing.md)
* [Tutor](https://www.typingclub.com)


10:30 Share waypoints
---------------------

Josh: Talk to Jake Worth, about the Hashrocket TDD/Pairing workshop.
Full day, Wednesday the 17th would be great for a full day workshop on TDD

Students: Split up into groups of three. Each person take 10 minutes to share your waypoint that you worked on and allow the group to ask questions.
Then 20 minutes to get the others person through the waypoint. Then rotate. Do this until all three have shared.


12:00 Choose a practice perfect participlant
--------------------------------------------

```ruby
%w[Dongmin vince greg james megan derreck javi sean matthew].sample
```


12:00 Lunch
-----------

Eat some veggies. Except Vince, eat some Chipotle!


10:00 Practice Perfect review
-----------------------------


10:15 Unix: things I give my children
-------------------------------------

Topics: environment variables, pipes,
redirecting input/output


Ruby: things my parents gave me
-------------------------------

Topics: $stdin, $stdout, $stderr, ARGV, ENV


Error generation
----------------

Make groups of three using this code:

```
%w[Dongmin vince greg james megan derreck javi sean matthew].shuffle.each_slice(3).to_a
```

One person put your result on github.

And consolidate your solutions to generating the errors [here](https://github.com/CodePlatoon/curriculum/blob/master/phase1/make_a_program_that_blows_up_like_this.md).
Go with the shortest examples of each. Do this as quickly as you can (ie "does it raise the error"? and then "which is shortest?")

Then the three groups consolidate your code into the shortest example you can get.


Homework
--------

* Wear loose comfortable clothing tomorrow.
* Practice your waypoint until you have it down solid and then make a video
  (who knows how to make a video that will work for everyone?)
* Object model questions
* Practice typing

### Make me a waypoint so I don't have to

Here are the easy options:

* touch
* mv
* rm
* sleep
* tr
* ls
* which

Or, if you want to challenge yourself:

* ag/grep
* sort
* wc
